---
layout: post
title: 2.5 Month Overview 
description: "These past 2 months at OSU have been an experience that's for sure."
modified: 2019-10-04
tags:
image:
  path: 
  feature: 
---

These past few months have kept me quite busy trying to balance my studies with time to spend pursuing passions (lots of time spent in the basement of my residence hall haha). While my social life is pretty close to non-existent so far, I have made an effort to be involved in events and oppurtunities that I believe are supportive of the development of my career. I wanted to provide a brief overview of these moments and what I took away from them. 

## Timeline

### August

08/19: Involvement Fair
* I was able to find and join the Game Creation Club and recieved a lego Android kit! 

08/28: First Game Creation Club Meeting


### September

09/06: How to get an Internship at Facebook with Wally Yang

09/26: Engineering Expo
* With 10 copies of my resume that I completed and printed earlier that day, I attended the Engineering Expo at the Ohio Union. I was shocked to see companies such as Amazon and Facebook with their long lines of applicants. Even though I was dressed to impress, I didn't exude the confidence that I wished I had when I talked to my first company, Upstart. I was geniuely interested in what their company was about and listened as they answered my partly stuttered questions. However, they weren't accepting internships. Feeling too unconfident to talk to another company, I left without handing out a single copy of my resume. But I left with an Upstart logo sticker and socks!

09/27: Fall Game Jam
* After completing physics homework for the night, I stopped by Enarson Hall to participate in the Fall Game Jam. 

### October
